Rolling Notes Document - Native Northwest Online
Term - on the back end its two different collections text and images 
For images it occurs in title and there are a few instances where it appears on the item itself 
In the text portion it only appears in the subject field 
Term supplied by tribe - implied that we would switch the former term to new one. Not sure if we should add 'tribe' to the end. 
Note field will take a little more investigating 
For the subject fields we will need to come up with a proposal for MIG - usually we just wait for LC. 
For Pilot project it was different becuase the term was not accurate for the group that was discribed. In this case, this is the right group of people but not the preffered term. 
Crystal propses - simply remove the LCSH term entirely and add a field for subjects for wikidata and make sure the subject is set up how they want to be in Wikidata. this would be ab efficient repalcement.
There is precident or crystals proposal--when they were changeing the subject for undocumented immigrants. for this project, all we would need is some sort of a way to go back in and fix it when LCSH updates the terms
All of the instances of the non-preferred term are contained in ContentDM 
All of the text items originate from UWSC but all of the images except for one come from the Spokane museum with one from the Jesuite archives
Will need to add a to do item to send the email after we did it - itll be nice to be able to point them to a publically avaiable map like with the Harriman project
To do the wikidata route--we would need to add another field in ContentDM which we cant do on our own
Can we batch upload the deprecated value field?
Elaine will do the title and notes fields
Crystal can do the subject terms 
Could we do this in a spreadsheet and have a duplicate column for the proposed change? Elaine thinks title and notes can do a find and replace. for the subject headings we could do that--other than to keep a copy of the before changes.
We might not need to -- if there aren't too many subjects we need to change then we won't need to track. But the subjects are subdevided and the proposal will require remkoving 16 terms and replacing with equivalent wikidata 
John V arrives - Crystal asks if we can remove indian from it and wants to know if they prefer people/tribe or just the name. John says just the name. 
Crystal notices its wrong in wiki data 
Are we changing the term Coeur d'Alene or adding? Pretty sure just adding. John V is going to check with Audra "I received some feedback from Audra of which you're probably aware but I need to pass along anyway. Virtually all of the ContentDM material used the term "Skitswish" to refer to the Coeur d'Alene Tribe. Audra let me know that this term is what outsiders used to refer to them. They prefer the term "Schitsu’umsh" so that's an update you may want to consider implementing and use for any new metadata if you aren't already." 
The harmful term is also in wiki data and needs to be taken out as well 
So what we have discovered is that the non-preffered term is not even a LCSH heading - is Cour d'Alene their preffered term? all we need to do on the subject heading front then is update the subject heading. 
Crystal can do subject headings now now - we will need to check in with Anne Grahm about the bulk upload of depricated values. 
